Add versionRemoved tag to trees.config (#2166)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Config/trees/index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
---
# How to implement a custom tree

> You can implement a custom tree using code - [Implementing Custom Trees]((../../../Extending/Section-Trees/trees))

Reviewer: Added some more text to make the link a bit more accessible - what do you think?

```suggestion
You can implement a custom tree using code. Learn more about this approach in the [article about Section Trees](../../../Extending/Section-Trees/trees).
```
